Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/communication.rst

Ansible Automation Platform support questions
=============================================

> Red Hat Ansible `Automation Platform <https://www.ansible.com/products/automation-platform>`_ is a subscription that contains support, certified content, and tooling for Ansible including content management, a control node, UI and REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat Ansible `Automation Platform <https://www.ansible.com/products/automation-platform>`_ is a subscription that contains support, certified content, and tooling for Ansible including content management, a controller, UI and REST API.
```

Reviewer: This one is referring to the Ansible controller so should stay as is.
